All right.
In the last six years, we have completed the search path.
We've got the images and also we added the pagination to the images tapos.
Well, in this section, we're going to complete our website, the places that remain like these bodies
at the top and also this button here.
I'm feeling lucky.
So let's start with the header section here.
So we go to a header that, yes, that's close everything else.
So we can focus on the things.
So we need two things that start to import.
We want to add external link, so we add we import.
A link from Knicks forward slash link.
And for this paragraph here.
Like about a store, Gmail.
Let's changed all this paragraph two.
A tax.
And also, let's, uh, wrap this AirTags with a link pack.
So just a link.
And we bring the attack inside.
Let's do the other one as well.
So let's finish the first one.
The first one the.
The aircraft for the link tag is equal to ish setpiece.
To forward slash about.
Does Google?
Forward slash.
So now when we click on about, we should go to the about page after Google.
Let's do the same things for this story.
So we add the link tag, we bring this a TAC insider link and we add a each riff.
And the extra for this one is for the store is this store that Google Dotcom.
It forward slash the.
So now we can test this one as well.
The store goes to the store.
As you can see, you're signing as well.
And finally, for the G-mail, or you need to add another link to.
We bring this attack inside, and we've changed it at a hpf and link for this one is Mail Dot, Google
dot com.
So we can and we can test it by clicking on the G-mail.
So this one directly goes to a tumor.
Let's go back to our website for the images I want to go to the images tap.
So.
Uh, here we.
We had a rather too, so we import use router, so we just import.
Used to be used around her for going from one place to another.
So just from.
This is going to be from next for a stash route.
And we need to create a constant here, call throughout her, which is equal to use throughout her.
Now.
Instead of just wrapping this font inside this attack, he added.
Unclear.
And the oncolytic.
Is going to trigger a function which returns real to.
The push and the websites we're going to push is.
Now inside a back take, we're going to go to the search.
With a term of
whatever term is in the link already, which is the writer that query.
That term.
And this is similar what we have before.
This is if the term is existed, we just say we get it.
Otherwise, we just search for something else.
For example, this search for Google.
All right.
And then.
After this, we went at that search type of image.
Equal image.
Let's see what.
What is the error here?
So we push it.
And we have.
OK.
Uh.
I think this is unnecessary.
That's fine with when we click on images.
It goes so inside this search result that, yes.
Let's go to the search results, Jeff, if you remember in images result, we added a.
A question mark here, so to protect if this there is no result, we don't get an error, so we add
this question mark.
We are searching for response, actually.
We didn't correctly write down this.
A.J., yes, there Google actually is connecting to here.
So let's see what we have done.
This one should be an impasse.
No, uh.
Yeah, instead of the that's fine.
So we go back, we click on images.
Yeah, now we are going to.
Actually, this image is wrong, too, so I fixed this image, too.
So we try again.
Yeah, know we went to the research Google inside the images tag.
We see the images from the Google.
That's it.
So we finished with that balance.
Let's fix this, I'm lucky feeling lucky.
Now when we click on feeling lucky, nothing's happened.
We just refresh the page.
But we want to search each time a random word.
In order to do so, we can use websites, uh, if you search for, uh, just a random.
Or API?
There is a website I found that is very simple, we don't need any API key for this sponsor.
There's a website called a random Board that API that Farook or coapt dot com if you click on this website.
This one, uh, if you have a get request for this one, this board.
You're going you're going to get 10 random words.
All right.
And if we just change this random number, the number two one, we just get one more.
So let's try this one, let's copy this one and just paste it inside the browser.
We're going to have a request to see that you're getting, uh, 10 different random boards.
If you change this number to one.
We get only one or.
OK.
So we're going to use this one to get the random word.
So inside the.
Index such as.
The place that we have the.
I'm feeling lucky button.
In other things, before doing this one, we cannot have a.
This sign here, we have to remove it or instead, we need to use this site.
So we just need to write.
Ampersand.
A post and the Adesanmi column, so this is similar to now we're still getting I'm feeling lucky the
same way, but if you don't do this fine, you're you're going to get an error when we are deploying
the website.
So our already tested.
So we this one be getting an error.
So let's continue with the things we want to do.
So here in the inside the index that she is inside the I'm feeling lucky button and we inside this button
be added on Click.
And we at.
A function.
We just call it random search.
We already have a search function we created for the Google search button.
Now we create another function.
But instead of getting the search term from the input, the like the one here.
So we added the function here.
The function is going to get the information from the search input value.
And so do the rest, we can just copy this function.
Because this is very similar.
Instead of saying just search, we changed this one to random search.
So we created the function, but.
Instead of getting the turn from the input, we're going to get it from this API.
So first, we need to because this is a we want a Fitchett and we want it away.
So we need to change this function to asynchronous.
All right.
And here.
The town we changed, this turned to random town.
And this is going to fetch from that API.
But we you to wait because we want to wait and fitting finish and then go to the next line.
So the fish would be from this link here.
So we did copy this link.
We placed it inside.
Inside here.
And we changed the number to one because we want to just get that one number.
And after this, when the fishing is finished.
Then we we just want to change the response to adjacent time, so we just the response.
And we return a response to Jason.
So we changed the this the fishing to the Jason file.
And then we say, if the random chair not existed, if it didn't fetch the data and we don't need actually
this trim.
Anymore.
We return it.
Otherwise, we push it.
To that random turn, and we don't need to trim it as far as it's optional, we can leave it there,
but it's not necessary.
So now with let's test it now, here we click on.
I'm feeling lucky.
It takes a few seconds to fetch the data and it chooses the word.
In random world was the clock.
I don't know the meaning, but.
We got the result here.
Based on this search name.
And also, if you click on again, I'm feeling like we should get another turn.
Redistributive.
And we're getting instant random words and different search results, wishes, images and other things,
so they finished with the I'm feeling lucky part as well.
So I think everything is done.
No, we can do the deployment.
For the deployment, we need to go to a Web site called.
Versus.
Russell actually created next year, so it's the best choice to deploying your next year's website's
very fast.
And also it's free to use.
For the like, a normal year is not the commercial.
So we go to versus dot com.
And we can start deploying here.
First, we need to log in.
I'm going to I highly recommend you log in with your guitar because you can get all the information
from your guitar.
And when we deploy our website to when we.
And the repository to get help, we can easily import our website from the GitHub and add it to the
virtual.
So we let's continue.
So I quickly put my guitar, username and password.
So I signing here.
So, no.
If we we need to create a new project when we click on New Project, it's going to show us all our repositories,
which is Google version three, which is the one that are working now.
But we didn't actually push the last last thing that we did here.
So let's add everything now.
So and again and and then we
committed to the message.
We just fix the remaining.
Uh, so actually, I forgot something else as well.
Let me finish that one, and then we added, Uh, if we.
If we run the server, we should notice that we always getting an error.
Just saying that, uh, there's no secret here.
This error.
It before this one doesn't have any.
It doesn't make any problem when you are working in the production deployment, moral authority in development
mode, but into production when we are deploying.
If we don't add any secret in our website, we cannot authenticate the person inside the website.
Adding secret, it's very simple, actually.
You just need to go to two.
Here in the API.
So in the pages, you go to the off.
Uh, no, no, not here, uh, inside API in off, we need to go to the next author.
Yeah.
And inside this after this providers, we need to add a secret.
And the secret will be equal to process.
Don't even be because it's an environmental variable.
We want to add and we just call it secrets and inside, let's add the comma here inside this environmental
variable we can.
At this secret, so just secret.
And the secret can be anything, just the random words.
OK.
It doesn't matter anything, you put it works, but it's going to secure your web site.
So now, if we restart our server, we should get the same result.
Uh oh, all right.
You should get assemblies are no.
No change in our website, but in deployment, we shouldn't get any error.
So, no.
We add everything to get her so we can see it inside the vessel.
So first we get everything, we make a commitment with the message of just saying fix the remaining.
Remain.
I mean.
Buttons.
Plus, I'm feeling lucky one, so I'm feeling.
Lucky.
As well as.
The secret.
Adding the secret.
All right, so let's push this one ticket, and we have a quick review to our website.
Here as well, and we quickly we can deploy our website after that.
So, you know, uh.
Come, it's no we have it last on is fixed the remaining buttons.
So we added quite a few things in this header that, yes, we fixed all the links and the link to the
appropriate website, the related website.
And also we added the ability to go to the images when we click on images into the results that we added
just a question mark to protect our result.
That item in of that, GSP added secrets in index that, yes, we created a function to fetch the data
from this website and onboard API.
And we just, uh, by clicking on this button inside this, uh, I'm feeling lucky when we click on
IM feeling lucky.
Each time we fetch a new word and we go, we search a random term.
So that was it for the things we did know if you go to the reversal here.
We should see if you refresh the page, you should see that the guitar.
Uh.
I should see a different issue.
Actually, Kim, but maybe this phone is if he imported, it should be, it should be fine, though.
We need to just add environmental variables here.
It's already detected.
This is in next year's website.
The environmental variables inside in that file, the first one is Google.
Google Client ID.
You copy it quickly and paste it here.
The next one.
Is the.
Google Client's secret.
Then we have the API key.
I really quick on a copy this thanks.
Next is context key.
And finally, we have this secret.
Tier.
All right now, we added all our environmental variables.
We just we can deploy them if deployed now.
Deployment ticks, usually 51 minutes is my experience usually takes about a minute.
You can see the building now it's the start it initializing and building the wrong time and looking
up the cash caches and everything else and the think.
The other thing is I want to do is to add our website to a custom URL as well.
So I use it, Google domains for my dominant domains.
Just the main school.
So I go to domains that Google that.
Com And I sign in with my property, G-mail, which is this one.
We are getting an error inside the reversal.
Said that use rather is called in function search, but that is neither a react function component nor
custom, there must start with an uppercase letter.
Rack hooks name must start with the use use.
So let's go to search the to see what's the error here.
Search that, yes.
So we have.
She started off her case.
Well, to.
You know, the problem is here in the search, we need to use a capital s.
Yeah.
So relax, functional components should have a capitalized default, can be a small because we are using
use router.
We need to do that.
So let's add this one to the.
Guitar.
Just the message would be.
Fix.
This.
Search.
Yes.
And we push it to get her.
So now we can deploy again, so we go to the home page.
And we refresh we see that now need new commitments.
Is added.
And also.
In the deployment tab at a top.
You can see that the deployment actually automatically started.
Let's check it here.
This fund, this fund is going actually nicely.
And this fund will be fine, actually.
Let's go to Google Domains.
The Google domains, we choose the website we want to use as a custom domain.
The website, I'm going to use this 100 year projects dot com.
And I go to DNS so we can have a custom record here.
I had a new one.
I manage their customer records and here.
Just add a new one.
I call it Google version three, the type would be a.
And uh, here we need to write down the.
This this number, which is that.
IPV four, this one that you can get from your first store.
So the already deployed actually our website, so we can test that.
You can see that the.
It should work now is search for hello.
Now we're getting the results for Halo, the images is working to everything should work, except this
authentication because we need to fix it after deployment.
But let's add first a custom URL.
So here we can go to.
Let's go to.
It's closed this.
Assigning the domains here at the bottom, we can manage it here.
The custom we go to the manager, we add the.
Our the website we created is the Google version three.
Dots hundred.
Genius projects dot com.
So we can add this and this is going to quickly create the SSL certificate, et cetera.
So now I think it should be fine now we can check the website now.
This is our custom URL and this is our website, the contested again, but just say, searching next
year.
Yeah, it's working fine.
Let's fix this authentication part as well.
If we know we click on signing with Google, we should get an error inside accounts that Google does.
Just saying the redirect your L mismatch.
So we open the request details and be copied is we direct your air.
And then we go to cloud.
Google dot com.
And we first we sign in with the email that it created the project that is for me, this the sand,
that's GSA.
We go to console.
And then here we click on this for.
And we go to apps and services and finally credentials.
So now we have this one.
Make sure to sign up to have your proper, uh, project name, which is for me, is cool Dash.
Version three.
So and then here in off version two of two client IDs, we click here on the edit or off client.
Here in the redirect URL, we need to add to the URL that it gives us and sign in here, we copied this
one and we pasted here.
And also, we copy the manual and pasted inside the first you are.
And finally, we click on Save.
Now, if you come back to our custom, you are here, sign in it, go back.
And we try again.
It should work this time.
Now we can sign in with any accounts we like.
So we have the authenticator Shen now and the person.
The session has started and we got the image from Google so you can try it.
I'm feeling lucky as well.
Here we can see everything is working.
Yeah, that was it for our project, I hope you enjoyed.
I'm going to add more actually more features to this website, like I add more taps here, like news,
we can search for videos on YouTube later.
So I have some ideas for the developing our website, so make sure to check for the update.
And also you can check the other projects inside the course as well.
So I hope you enjoyed this project so soon.
The next project?